README.md, before:

![WhatsApp Image 2025-11-06 at 20 33 33_7848a9ec](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f8a02337-f7c5-4ea7-8ab4-8390098d48a4)

# 👋 Hi, I'm Mohammed Moin Raoof  
### DevOps & Cloud Engineer  

---

### 🧩 About Me  
Aspiring to contribute to a dynamic and innovative organization by leveraging my enthusiasm, adaptability, and passion for learning to foster continuous personal and professional growth. I enjoy building scalable applications, automating workflows, and optimizing cloud infrastructure for efficiency and reliability.
### 📊 GitHub Stats

![Moin's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Moin2811&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

### 💡 Top Languages

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Moin2811&layout=compact&theme=radical)

---

### 🛠️ Skills & Tools  


#### ☁️ **Cloud Platforms**
- AWS: EC2, IAM, S3, ECS, EKS, RDS, SNS, VPC, EFS, EBS, Elastic Beanstalk, CloudFormation, Load Balancer, Auto Scaling, Route 53, CloudWatch  

#### ⚙️ **DevOps Tools**
- Jenkins, Maven, SonarQube, Ansible, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes, Grafana, Prometheus  

#### 🧑‍💻 **Version Control**
- Git & GitHub  

#### 💻 **Scripting**
- Shell Script, Bash Script  

#### 🎨 **Development**
- Python, HTML, CSS  

#### 🧠 **Operating Systems**
- Linux, Windows  

---

### 🚀 Projects

- **[Self-Healing Infrastructure with Prometheus, Alertmanager & Ansible](https://github.com/Moin2811/self-heal-prom-ansible---p-1.git)**  
  Automated monitoring and incident recovery system using Prometheus and Ansible to ensure uptime and resilience.

- **[Scalable Static Website with S3, Cloudflare & GitHub Actions](https://github.com/Moin2811/s3-cloudflare-action-website-p-2.git)**  
  Deployed and automated a static website with CI/CD pipeline using GitHub Actions and AWS S3 integrated with Cloudflare CDN.

---

### 🎓 Certifications & Training  

- 🏅 **Certificate of Excellence – AWS DevOps Course**, Full Stack Academy, 2025  
- 📘 **Getting Started with DevOps**, AWS Training and Certification, 2025  
- ☁️ **AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials**, AWS Training and Certification, 2025  

---

### 📫 Connect with Me  

- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/mohammedmoin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammedmoin)  
- 🧑‍💻 **GitHub:** [github.com/Moin2811](https://github.com/Moin2811)  
- 📧 **Email:** mohammedmoin2811@gmail.com

---

> _"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value."_

---

Commit message:

Promote GitHub profile with project links
Added a section to promote GitHub profile and showcase more projects.

README.md, after:

![WhatsApp Image 2025-11-06 at 20 33 33_7848a9ec](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f8a02337-f7c5-4ea7-8ab4-8390098d48a4)

# 👋 Hi, I'm Mohammed Moin Raoof  
### DevOps & Cloud Engineer  

---

### 🧩 About Me  
Aspiring to contribute to a dynamic and innovative organization by leveraging my enthusiasm, adaptability, and passion for learning to foster continuous personal and professional growth. I enjoy building scalable applications, automating workflows, and optimizing cloud infrastructure for efficiency and reliability.
### 📊 GitHub Stats

![Moin's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Moin2811&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

### 💡 Top Languages

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Moin2811&layout=compact&theme=radical)

---

### 🛠️ Skills & Tools  


#### ☁️ **Cloud Platforms**
- AWS: EC2, IAM, S3, ECS, EKS, RDS, SNS, VPC, EFS, EBS, Elastic Beanstalk, CloudFormation, Load Balancer, Auto Scaling, Route 53, CloudWatch  

#### ⚙️ **DevOps Tools**
- Jenkins, Maven, SonarQube, Ansible, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes, Grafana, Prometheus  

#### 🧑‍💻 **Version Control**
- Git & GitHub  

#### 💻 **Scripting**
- Shell Script, Bash Script  

#### 🎨 **Development**
- Python, HTML, CSS  

#### 🧠 **Operating Systems**
- Linux, Windows  

---

### 🚀 Projects

- **[Self-Healing Infrastructure with Prometheus, Alertmanager & Ansible](https://github.com/Moin2811/self-heal-prom-ansible---p-1.git)**  
  Automated monitoring and incident recovery system using Prometheus and Ansible to ensure uptime and resilience.

- **[Scalable Static Website with S3, Cloudflare & GitHub Actions](https://github.com/Moin2811/s3-cloudflare-action-website-p-2.git)**  
  Deployed and automated a static website with CI/CD pipeline using GitHub Actions and AWS S3 integrated with Cloudflare CDN.
  
  ### 📂 Get More Projects On  

➡️ Check out more of my work and repositories on my GitHub profile:  
**[🔗 Mohammed Moin Raoof – GitHub](https://github.com/Moin2811)**


---

### 🎓 Certifications & Training  

- 🏅 **Certificate of Excellence – AWS DevOps Course**, Full Stack Academy, 2025  
- 📘 **Getting Started with DevOps**, AWS Training and Certification, 2025  
- ☁️ **AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials**, AWS Training and Certification, 2025  

---

### 📫 Connect with Me  

- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/mohammedmoin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammedmoin)  
- 🧑‍💻 **GitHub:** [github.com/Moin2811](https://github.com/Moin2811)  
- 📧 **Email:** mohammedmoin2811@gmail.com

---

> _"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value."_

---
